User Stories
1. Baseline: As a programmer, want to store purchasing and customer information in this program, to complete my assignment.
	Tasks: 	Implement classes for Club Members, items, and transactions.
Test:   Using the given data for items, transactions, and club members, code some sample data into the program, and see if it can be output successfully
	Story Points: 1
	Assigned to: all members, Sprint 1
	
2. As an accountant at Bulk Club, I want to generate a daily sales report to organize our sales figures
	Tasks:  We need a Method to sort transactions by date
		Method to tabulate transactions
		Add a daily sales report option to the user menu
Test:   For a given date, use the 2 methods above, and check against the list to see that the sales report contains all the correct information, and that the total is correct. 
Try changing the transaction amounts, and see if that changes the total.
		Also test these methods for lists of length 0.
	Story Points: 2 
	Assigned to: Sprint 2

3. As a member of Bulk Club, I want to be able to find a list of my total purchases to keep track of my shopping.
	Tasks:  The member class needs a list of transactions, and a sum of all purchases
		Add a member transaction list option to the user menu
Test:   Find a random user, and manually find all his transactions. Compare against the list given by the method.
		Test against users that don't exist, and users which have made no transactions
	Story Points: 1
	Assigned to: Clive, Sprint 1

4. As an inventory manager at Bulk Club, I want to be able to find the price and quantity of a given item to keep track of inventory.
	Tasks:  An inventory list must be created
		List should contain price and quantity information
		List be searchable by item number
		List must have method to output its information
		Add an inventory output option to the user menu

	Test:   Do searches for items that exist and do not exist.
		See if the list will handle duplicate item numbers.
	Story Points: 3
	Assigned to: Sprint 2

5. As a manager at Bulk Club, I want to generate a report that lists all items sold.
Tasks:  A method that tabulates and displays all the transactions, including number of each item, and total price, should be created
		A total sales list option should be added to the user menu
	Test:   Test to make sure a transaction is attached to both a user and the bulk club
		Test if a transaction changes the quantity remaining
		Test if a transaction will work if there is no quantity remaining
	Story Points: 1
	Assigned to: Jordan, Sprint 1

6. As a manager at Bulk Club, I want to generate a report that lists the rebates of all preferred members.
	Tasks:  Create a method that adds the rebates for each preferred member in the memberList
		A total rebate option should be added to the user menu
	Test:   Check that the total rebate is correct.
	Story Points: 1
	Assigned to: Sprint 2

7. As a customer service representative at Bulk Club, I want to generate a list of membership expirations for a given month to be able to send reminders to members.
	Tasks:  Create either a sort or search function for the Bulk Club, 
		Have the search return the names and member numbers for a given month's expirations
		Have a method of incrementing the expiration date by 1 year
		The search by expiration date option should be added to the user menu
Test:   Try searching for all possible months and see if the total number of members given is correct
		Try to search for a date in the past	
	Story Points: 1
	Assigned to: Andrew, Sprint 1

8. As a customer service manager at Bulk Club, I want to add to and delete members from our membership roster to have an idea of the number of members we have to service.
Tasks:  Have both add and delete member methods in the memberList class. 
Also have a count of all members of each type method.
Test:  	 Create new members. 
Check that both the default and non-default constructors do their jobs.
		Delete members. Check that the totals are changed when members are deleted
	Story Points: 1
	Assigned to: Sprint 2

9. As a sales analyst at Bulk Club, I want to be able to save changes between executions of this program so that it helps us see the long-term picture of member activity at our stores.
Tasks:  Have save files and a set format for saving and retrieving data. Done on the program-wide level
Test:   Make changes to membership, transactions, and inventory. Test if the changes can be saved.
	Exit and restart the program. Check that the changes are still there. 
	Story Points: 3
	Assigned to: Sprint 2

10. As a member of Bulk Club, I would like to know whether it would be advantageous to switch from basic to preferred membership, or preferred to basic, to help manage my finances.  
	Tasks:  Have a member function that calculates whether it is better to be basic or preferred
Test:   Manually calculate the critical purchase amount, and test all 4 cases - a basic that should stay basic, a basic that should change to preferred, a preferred that should stay preferred, and a preferred that should change to basic.
	Story Points: 0.5
	Assigned to: Clive, Sprint 1
